ah
i
for the exam to today's fans we
let's go to Galicia where the sports one plays
de la coruña a centenary of football
Spanish
on the shores of the beach stands the mythical
fief of the blanquiazules and their house
since 1944 the riazor stadium
his coliseum has lived battles of all
the colors and after playing a year in the
league forward the Galician group has
back to the bbva league
now he dreams of recovering his best level
and be the super dépor that managed to win
the league in the year 2000
it was a success since only eight
more clubs have achieved this desired
let's see if the fans
deportivista can return to be champion
but in this case the exam to the
hobby
in what year the 1906 club was founded
who is the top scorer of the
club history
difficult question should this
who is the player who has played the most
matches in club history
mauro silva
ah
what color was the first shirt
blue and white and I was also white and
black pants
coma
stadium capacity
to 43 thousand
who has scored the first goal is
season
If I remember correctly cabaleiro can be
what player the current template carries
more seasons in the club without a doubt
when the pablo come, let's go
what are the last three coaches
of the team without counting the current other
on patience Sunday
closing before
how he celebrated the rival goals
sing a verse of the hymn
and I say sports we are going to give this
match and I say the sporting first
it's wheat managers
with a success in eight of his ten
answers the blanquiazules have
tied with the fans of the real
society of valencià el sevilla and the
Barcelona
Small fight and in the first positions
of the exam to the hobby in the next
program we will see if the meringues
they get a full response
correct